wallace né
alan patrick wallace cesar martins and the
two are very close to
charge for the ball
look the touch to the gooooolo
the flamengo and made the cut frames go rj
ball again
the athletic loses, wins that ball goes
left over with emerson sheik and goal
the goal of Flemish emerson I know that
Patrick on the right foot ball hit the goal
the flamengo
alan patrick athletic charging for
middle of the area the deviation
the athletic cable lifts entering
free here from the side entered the great
area hit back big bid
henrique prata
coritiba's goal
the went up the goal passed tried
launch in the area the arrival
the palm trees
marketing makes the pass for henrique
what a big ball came out weak in Brazil
hit
in all Curitiba
I like like again and henrique
on the mark of the 30 victor right leg
the goal
the saints
Maradona found space right foot one
crossing to andré from head
of sport
andré a charge has today a play
head of a goal bypass
the corinthian
he smells go
the long ball comes to evil with
the good and the evil with which he
otoc area
i gol
the world the corinthians
the badly retracted ball came from
right foot was
the sport goal
ernani the provocateur returns to diego
souza comes from the right up the
goalkeeper guarantees the tower crossing
provocative again
is
of distance sport with the right foot
O ran hit
corinthians john
chats on the right foot rafael mora
near the goal of the team beat
international
lushan goal on corinthians tite
climbed in the center of the holder and
two goals in two games here comes are
paulo now the fact can hit the goal
the goal
alexandre duck author of the goal of são paulo
act in florianópolis already authorized
broke the right foot on the ball hit
goal
hampshire the goal of são paulo left the
adriano gilson opened there what he did not touch
no gilson prepared a cross ball
by the high bridges put the head goal
josimar romario once again
look analysis confusing left over kick
the Filipino and a goal
here comes the Guild with Julian at the entrance
Ajeitou makes a one-touch run over,
diesel goal goal
the
is of the guild and 11 legal status was
face-to-face there comes the Julian
the second Julian makes the middle touch
the
it's grane authorized to hit
left leg a bumba
the goal
joinville and marcelinho paraíba on the ball
always stop with lots of poison to
Bruno and I counted
or look I want to be a dangerous butt to
the goal
O